>> Brian Holt: We are going to do
an MCP server for our issue tracker.
Let me just make you mildly
familiar with this one, right?
Nope, this is just the one that I had
you all clone off of GitHub.
Make sure you run npm install on backend,
npm install on frontend, and
npm install here, right?
I've already done that all.
But you have to go into backend, npm i.
You have to go into frontend, npm i and
then I can say npm i think run dev.
Yeah, it'll run both of
them at the same time.
And it's all proxy through 5173.
So you can see here I get this
nice little issue tracker.
I'm going to sign out.
So you can sign in or you can sign up,
whatever you want to do here.
I have my account already created on here.
Trying to think,
I just put a brianexample.com, and
I have now logged in and
you'll see something like this.
You all will have to
create your own accounts.
Okay, there's issues here.
You can see that they have statuses,
priorities,
timelines, admin users, blah blah blah.
So there's a handful of users that you
should be able to create an issue,
make a better course.
I don't know why I feel the need
to be mean to myself on camera.
And that is definitely urgent and
assigned to me.
And I am going to create my own issue,
so there we go.
I didn't give it any tags.
I think you can give it tags here.
Yeah, this is definitely a rust problem.
So, there you go,
that's the whole issue tracker.
Any questions,
it's meant to be fairly simple but
kind of a GitHub style issue tracker.
We're going to make an MCP server so
that the MCP server imagine like you're
in mid flow with Claude code and
just saying like hey, this is broken,
I need to fix it later.
Create an issue for this kind of
integration and I'm seeing these kind of
issues and please fill up the body with
all the pertinent steps that we need to do
and make sure assign this to me and
assign these tags to it.
And then you could be done for the day,
you can come back two weeks later and
say hey, pull all of my issues.
And then it says, yeah,
I remember I needed to do this one,
hey, Claude code work on this issue.
And then it'll go work on it with all
the context that I had before and
then you can say okay,
open a pull request and close my issue.
Pretty powerful workflow.
It's actually Mostly how I work these days
I just have cloud code create issues for
me on GitHub or linear and then I have it
pull it later whenever I need to go do it.
So let's go make an MCP server
that allows us to do that locally.
Here, I have here.
This will just get you back to where
we were as of when we did Resources.
So if you follow along so far,
you're already to this point.
We already looked at the app, so
we want Claude to act on our behalf.
We need an order of operations, so this
is the big one that I wanted to show you.
Order of operations.
There's a real temptation when you're
building an MCP server to just make it
match your API.
Like you have one tool
call per API endpoint.
That is everyone's first
immediate reaction.
If that's your first reaction,
very normal.
It's a very bad first instinct there.
Why, why don't we just map one API call
to one API call to one tool request?
Think about whenever you need to
create an issue and assign a user and
assign an urgency to it, you have to
call an API endpoint to create an issue.
You have to get the ID back.
You then have to take that id,
you have to then feed it back into
do a bunch of other stuff like that.
What I'm trying to basically call out
here is there's a big sequence, the order
is important, and then you have to feed
an idea from here to here to here to here.
It's very brittle when it comes to getting
it out of order or getting the ID wrong or
pulling out the wrong information.
Let me show you exactly what I'm talking
about here with this, the job space tool.
This is something that literally happened
to me while I was developing this course.
I said,
using the issues tracker MCP server,
create a new issue in my issue tracker and
assign it to me.
Then the robot says,
well, ID me doesn't exist
because it misunderstood
what I meant by me.
It interpreted that to be literally the ID
of me, when in reality I needed to go to
the API, figure out who I am,
get that ID and then feed it back in.
Now, Claude Desktop with Sonnet
actually got this right, but
when I fed it into Quinn,
Quinn did not get it right.
So we'll talk about this in a second.
We're first going to build it with
API because I think it's good for
you to kind of see and
feel how that works.
But then we're gonna do this kind
of more jobs-oriented approach,
where you basically say, do this entire
workflow that's gonna take 10 API calls.
But we're going to provide you step
by step how to do this in code.
So that's what order of operations meant.
We're going to work with
Auth here just for a second.
Auth is an interesting one.
It's very much evolving with MCP Server.
Like how, how do you let an agent
act on behalf of the user?
That's a good question.
It's actually kind of
unsolved at the moment.
There's a bunch of companies
thinking about this.
Like I know Clerk is working on it,
I know DSCOPE is working on it.
There's two companies I work a lot with,
but basically they have to go get
some sort of token, some API token,
some sort of like limited use thing.
Because they don't want the agent to have
forever access to your Persona, right?
Like what's the right balance there?
I don't know.
Not my problem.
Well, I mean it is my problem, but
it's also their problem to solve.
So not my problem to solve.
We're just gonna kind
of cheat a little bit.
I put a little thing up here,
says copy API token and
we're just going to paste that in there.
This would be a perfect use case for
elicitation of like, hey,
go do this thing for me.
I don't have your API key.
You could do an elicitation for
it right now.
If you do it, it'll just say I don't have
your API key, run your prompt again, but
please give me the API key.
One bit of fair warning here.
If you click Copy API key,
this is what it looks like.
I have it.
So there's only one valid API key at
a time because I didn't want to write API
key management software.
So if you do it, it will invalidate
all of your previous API keys.
So just be aware of that.
That is just Brian being straight up lazy
when it came to writing this course and
then correct tags people.
So another thing,
when I was developing this,
when I had just freeform labels with this,
I would have bugs,
like bugs to fix to do's, right?
It would just came up with
a trillion different tags for
all these different things,
which is not what you want, right?
You want one bug tag and if you pull
the bug tag, it pulls everything.